Add type: "text" import attribute (#43505)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/import/with/index.md

Note that importing CSS modules into workers is usually not supported, because the CSSOM specification only exposes `CSSStyleSheet` in the window context.

#### Text Modules (`{ type: "text" }`)

> The `text` type allows importing a file as a UTF-8 string value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `text` type allows importing a module's source as a string value.
```

There's no such thing as "UTF-8 string" so even if practically it makes sense we should avoid using such terminology. This would be controlled by the underlying system and the JavaScript environment only ever sees a "string". (I do believe you can only transmit UTF-8 modules on the web, but I'm less certain about non-browser environments. What about importing a GB18030 file in Node.js?)
